Avoid torch amp cuda warning with bf16 on cpu (#11161)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed double evaluation bug with fault-tolerance enabled where the second call was completely skipped ([#11119](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/11119))

> - Avoided torch amp cuda warning with `bf16` on cpu ([#11161](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/11161))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoided torch amp cuda warning with `bf16` on cpu when summarizing ([#11161](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/11161))
```

> - Avoided torch amp cuda warning with `bf16` on cpu when summarizing ([#11161](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/11161))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an incorrect warning being produced by the model summary when using `bf16` precision on CPU ([#11161](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/11161))
```
